# *Project*: Witches in Scotland
# *Project Directors*: Ewan McAndrew
# *Project Link*: [https://witches.is.ed.ac.uk/](https://witches.is.ed.ac.uk/)
# *Reviewed by*: Christian Ross

# Summary  
Witches in Scotland is a visual representation of the witches of Scotland through maps and charts. The site has maps of the known residences, trial, and execution places of witches with additional information such as gender, social class, and occupation if known. The site also shows maps of people related to the trials and witches, such as spouses and bailiffs. Lastly, the site has various charts for other information such as execution methods and torture methods.    
# Design  
The site uses several different types of maps and mainly uses the ArcGis Online mapping service to create these maps. Each tab at the top of the page has an information button that provides more information about the information displayed. Some of the maps can be filtered, but not all of them. One of the filterable maps has the filter unhideable unlike the other filterable maps which makes that map much harder to see. The project director has also pointed out some accessablity problems with the site which include some images missing alternative text and some links are not navigatable by keyboard only.  
# Relevance  
The project does a good job at showing relevant witch places by using interactive maps. By creating maps, the information can be navigated visually and provides friendlier access to more casual research. More information about scotlands witches can be found through the maps, other tabs on the site, or through the projects references and resources.   
# Findings   
Overall the project does a good job of an interactive mapping of the witches of Scotland. The filters of some of the maps do a good job at narrowing down data, but not all the maps have this feature. Not all the maps are of the same design which is good as each map is designed to show the specified information in the best way possible. It could also be a bad thing as it creates an inconsistency of feel and features that each map provides.

The tabs at the top of the page create a well organized site and allows quick access to relevant information. The charts in one of the tabs provides information in a different way and the charts can be changed visually to a different type of chart that is more preferrable to the user. There are also some bonus maps and links in some tabs which are fun extras to the site

Overall, the project seems pretty good for the amount of information it wants to give and maybe does a little bit more.
